I think I am at my proudest when I have some kind of difficult task, like
some discrete math problem that, you know, I see that, you know,
I can't do, you know, other people haven't, you know, done and all
of a sudden, like, you just sit back, you know, you put your paper,
your pencils away and you think, "Alright, you know, like, they're not
trying to attack you. What is it that I'm supposed to be doing?"
and you think of a multi-level solution and you finally get the answer
and you know, it's kind of like playing chess or something, you know,
you get into this point where you can kind of see things, you know,
like five six seven steps down the road and if you don't think
of it that way, then you won't solve that problem. So, when I do think
of it that way, you know, when I do solve those complex problems,
that's when I'm my most proud, that means it's like, you know, a sign
of my intelligence or something.